Chipotle-Grilled Pork Shoulder Steaks with Corn Salsa

Cut into steaks, pork shoulder is a well-marbled, quick-cooking cut that's terrific for grilling—especially when seasoned with a barbacoa-style rub.


Lamb Chops with Polenta and Grilled Scallion Sauce

Toss grilled scallions and jalapeños with fresh basil and lemon juice to make a zesty, smoky sauce to accompany lamb chops and rounds of store-bought polenta.


Grain Bowls with Grilled Corn, Steak, and Avocado

This Tex-Mex-inspired grain bowl is good at any temp, so the components—including the steak—can be made ahead and assembled on the fly. Ten minutes later? Dinner. 

Grilled Steak, Pineapple, and Avocado Salad

A fresh, bright pineapple dressing ties together this irresistible three-ingredient steak dinner.

Grilled Marinated Leg of Lamb

The uniform thickness of a butterflied boneless leg of lamb makes it extremely simple to cook and serve. This cut of meat shouldn't be hard to find, but if you get one that is boned and tied, ask your butcher to butterfly it.

Sweet-and-Spicy Ribs
The secret to this grilled ribs recipe is that they're cooked low and slow in the oven until fork-tender, then dressed in buttery, vinegary barbecue sauce and finished on the grill.
 

Grilled Pork Chops with Plums, Halloumi, and Lemon

The mozzarella-like Cypriot cheese Halloumi was made for the grill: Crunchy and smoky on the outside, gooey and creamy on the inside, it pairs wonderfully with fruit, as in this herby appetizer or these plummy pork chops.

Country-Style Ribs With Quick-Pickled Watermelon
Grilled meat—in this case, country-style ribs or bone-in pork chops—gets a summery twist in this recipe from Chicago chef Paul Kahan, who pairs the protein with tangy pickled watermelon and a refreshing tomato and cilantro salad.

Grilled Brisket with Scallion-Peanut Salsa
It may seem like blasphemy to toss brisket onto a hot grill; but this method for thinly sliced, marinated meat results in flavorful, juicy steak strips for everyone.

Grilled Beef Skirt Steak With Onion Marinade
You put in very little effort and come out looking like a terribly accomplished chef: This is one of those recipes. One of its secrets? Skirt steak, whose relatively loose grain soaks up a marinade incredibly well.

Habanero-Marinated Pork Chops with Mustard Greens Slaw
This marinade packs sweet citrus flavor and extra spice into pork chops both before, and after, they hit the grill.

Grilled Skirt Steak with Herb Salsa Verde
Only spoon half of the salsa verde over the steak before serving—let everyone spoon the remainder over their serving themselves.

Grilled Meatball Sandwich
Grilled meatballs, grilled bread, and a peppery arugula-walnut pesto make this sandwich one to remember.

Grilled Short Ribs with Sesame-Chipotle Mole

Grilled meat recipes don't get more straightforward than this one: Simply blitz together an easy, vibrantly red mole sauce, season your short ribs, then cook them over a fairly hot flame. That's all there is to it.


(grilled chicken)

Big Bob Gibson's Chicken with White Barbecue Sauce
iconic barbecued chicken from Alabama, chicken pieces are grilled until crispy and nicely charred, and then paired with tangy white barbecue sauce. 

Grilled Chicken Thighs with Pickled Peaches
Pickling fresh peaches and then charring them on the grill adds summery flavor to this arugula salad with crispy grilled chicken thighs. Pair the finished dish with a fruit-rich Gamay.

Kewpie-Marinated Chicken
A simple combination of lime, cumin, hot paprika, and Kewpie mayonnaise is the secret to this delicious grilled chicken from Food & Wine's Justin Chapple. Serve the chicken with grilled onions, such as spring onions, red onions, cipollini, and scallions.

Honey-Butter-Grilled Chicken Thighs with Parsley Sauce
These chicken thighs are brushed with honey-horseradish butter while they grill, creating a wonderful glaze. Then they're served with a vibrant garlic-spiked parsley sauce.


Grilled Tandoori Chicken
Flavored by a yogurt and spice paste boasting ginger, cumin, and coriander, this chicken is reminiscent of ones cooked in a tandoor oven.

Grilled Chicken with Marinated Tomatoes and Onions
In under an hour, heirloom tomatoes and slivers of red onion are transformed into a savory sauce that brings bright, summery flavor to this simple grilled chicken. 



(grilled seafood)

Grilled Shrimp with Oregano and Lemon
The sauce for this shrimp is a simple version of Italy's salmoriglio, typically made with lemon and herbs in a mortar. It can be made the day before and refrigerated overnight; just be sure to bring it to room temperature before serving.

Grilled Mahi-Mahi with Lemongrass-Lime Aïoli
Sweet, mild grilled mahi-mahi harmonizes with an aïoli featuring lemongrass and lime. The creamy aïoli comes together in seconds using an immersion blender, resulting in a silky texture that's less likely to break and adding richness and zest to a classic summer meal.

Shrimp and Okra Kebabs with Grilled Peaches and Jalapeño-Bourbon Vinaigrette
A splash of bourbon in the vinaigrette adds a sweet, boozy kick of flavor and helps tenderize the shrimp. Cutting okra in half lengthwise keeps it big enough to skewer and get charred and crispy on the grill, without falling through the grates.

Citrus-Soy Squid
While the squid is tasty after 30 minutes of marinating, an extra half hour makes a big difference in the flavor. This super simple marinade keeps for several days in the refrigerator, so it's great to make a large batch and save half for later.

Grilled Shrimp with Green Chile–Condensed Milk Sauce
grilled shrimp are brushed with a garlicky, basil-infused butter during grilling. The shrimp get an extra punch of flavor from the dipping sauce, which is spiked with Thai green chiles and tempered with sweetened condensed milk.

Grilled Oysters with Spicy Tarragon Butter
grilled Gulf Coast oysters smothered in butter and Parmesan cheese.















(Drinks)

Fresh Watermelon 'Rita Drink Recipe
This delicious margarita features pureeed watermelon fruit, so you know it pairs perfectly with barbecue. Its refreshing fruit flavor is perfect for a hot day.

Sea Breeze Drink Recipe
This delicious old classic features vodka blended with cranberry and grapefruit juice – mostly grapefruit juice – for a light, refreshing treat. They're easy to pour as you go, or you can also mix up a pitcher or beverage dispenser of Sea Breeze and let guests serve themselves.

Blue Long Island Iced Tea drink recipe
The Blue Long Island Iced Tea is a gorgeous blue drink that features blue curacao along with several liquors. This version uses a blend of real lemon juice and simple syrup instead of sour mix.

Jack Honey & Grapefruit
This drink is just two ingredients over ice, namely Jack Daniels Honey and ruby red grapefruit juice. You can make up pitchers in advance and chill them so the ice won't melt as quickly when you pour.

This one is lightly sweet, but with enough tartness to cut through all the grease and fat from the barbecue.

Gin Fizz
This drink features gin, lemon juice, lime juice and simple syrup with club soda. It's easy to make a pitcher of everything but the club soda ahead of time, and then each drink refill is just two quick pours.

Mint Julep
This Southern classic might as well have been made for barbecue. It's refreshing and cooling, and the taste of the bourbon complements barbecue sauce.

Alabama Slammer
This beloved favorite features Southern Comfort with two liqueurs and orange juice is a little heavier than some of the options here, but still wonderful on a hot day.

